todo/todo-api/README.md, before:

# TestApp MayaJS Project

This project was created with [MayaJS CLI](https://github.com/mayajs/cli) version 0.3.7.

## Getting Started

- Install Nodejs, donwload it [here](https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.18.2/node-v12.18.2-x64.msi).
> Note: If you already have NodeJS installed skip this step.

- Install MayajJS using this command
  - `npm i @mayajs/cli -g` or for linux/mac users `sudo npm i @mayajs/cli -g`
> Note: If you already have MayajJS installed skip this step.

- Navigate to your project folder

> If you are cloning this project for the first time you need to install all the dependencies first before running this project otherwise skip this.
- Install dependencies using this command
  - `npm i`

## Development Server

Run `maya serve` or `maya s` to run the server. Navigate to `http://localhost:3333`. Hot reload will watch for file changes and restart the server.

## Code scaffolding

Run `maya create <service | controller | model > < name | directory >` to create a new component.

## Build

Run `maya build` or `maya b` to build the project. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build. The build files will be created in the `dist/` directory.

Commit message:

FEAT: Add todos endpoints list in README.md

todo/todo-api/README.md, after:

# Todo Api MayaJS Project

This project was created with [MayaJS CLI](https://github.com/mayajs/cli) version 0.3.7.

## Getting Started

- Install Nodejs, donwload it [here](https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.18.2/node-v12.18.2-x64.msi).

  > **Note:** If you already have installed NodeJS skip this step.

- Install Mayajs globally using this command

  > **Note:** If you already have installed Mayajs skip this step.

  - windows user `npm i @mayajs/cli -g`
  - linux/mac users `sudo npm i @mayajs/cli -g`

- Navigate to your project folder

* Install dependencies using this command
  > **Note:** If you are cloning this project for the first time you need to install all the dependencies first before running this project otherwise skip this.
  - `npm i`

## Endpoints

| Method | Endpoint     |
| ------ | ------------ |
| GET    | `/todos`     |
| GET    | `/todos/:id` |
| POST   | `/todos`     |
| PUT    | `/todos/:id` |
| PATCH  | `/todos/:id` |
| DELETE | `/todos/:id` |

## Development Server

Run `maya serve` or `maya s` to run the server. Navigate to `http://localhost:3333`. Hot reload will watch for file changes and restart the server.

## Code scaffolding

Run `maya create <service | controller | model > < name | directory >` to create a new component.

## Build

Run `maya build` or `maya b` to build the project. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build. The build files will be created in the `dist/` directory.
